#summary meSpeak plugin description

= meSpeak plugin =

*CAUTION: THIS IS A BETA STAGE PLUGIN. IT CAN DO VERY BAD THINGS. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.*


This is a service plugin that read text aloud. It is based on [http://espeak.sourceforge.net/ eSpeak engine] and SAPI voices (5.1).

It provides the following functionality:
 * System voice
 * Per contact voice
 * Options to disable by global status
 * Packed with voices for a lot of languages
 * "fake" support for plugins that support Variables

This is a service plugin, so it does not read any text by itself. Other plugins need to request it!

It also has an iconpack of flags with it. It is built using famfamfam's icons. If you want other set of flags or to download then separated, they can be found here:
 * famfamfam's icons as .ico: http://pescuma.mirandaim.ru/miranda/flags-famfamfam.zip (note that there are a lot of files inside this zip with wrong names. It happens because I don't know which languages they represent - and if they represent a language or not. So, if you think some file name must change, please tell me)
 * famfamfam's icons as .dll: http://pescuma.mirandaim.ru/miranda/flags-dll-famfamfam.zip
 * Angeli-Ka's icons as .ico: http://pescuma.mirandaim.ru/miranda/flags-angelika.zip
 * Angeli-Ka's icons as .ico with language names: http://pescuma.mirandaim.ru/miranda/flags-angelika-name.zip
 * Angeli-Ka's icons as .dll: http://pescuma.mirandaim.ru/miranda/flags-dll-angelika.zip

Additional dictionary data is available for languages: 
Russian, Cantonese at http://espeak.sourceforge.net/data/index.html

Many thanks to the eSpeak team for their engine and to the famfamfam.com site for the icons.

To report bugs/make suggestions, go to the forum thread: http://forums.miranda-im.org/showthread.php?t=16188

=== Changelog ===
{{{
. 0.0.0.8
  * Fix for test button in contact options to use punctuation data
  - Removed old mlog function

. 0.0.0.7
  * Fix to make contacts use system voice and variant if none is set for them

. 0.0.0.6
  + Updated to eSpeak 1.31
  + Added punctuation to system settings
  + Added option to respect SndVol mute (enabled by default)
  * Fix for variants

. 0.0.0.5
  * Changed to create services in Load method
  * Language names should be translatable now
 
. 0.0.0.4 
  + Added function to Variables plugin to allow reading text
  
. 0.0.0.3
  + Option to prepend name of contact for event types without template
  * Fix for no voices found
  * Fix to translate dialog
  
. 0.0.0.2
  * Fix for test speak (while other speak happening at the same time)
  * Fix for spelling words with accents
  + Added options for volume, rate, pitch and range
  + Renamed plugin to meSpeak

. 0.0.0.1
  + Initial version
}}}